Simple Movie Site
=====================

This project is mostly so I can "practice" my programming and design skills.  So instead of taking a course, I'm going to build a simple website to view a movie collection.  So for now, the end product will all be in HTML, CSS & javascript.

I also want it to be a static website.  No formal database nor web-based management.  At least yet.

So, in my mind, that boils down to these goals:
1. Dump videos into directories.
2. Run script to create static site; rebuild to find new files.
3. Self-contained, no CDNs.
4. Allow for "overrides" & tags of Movies via config files.

The language for the "build" script is not defined; but I'm leaning towards python.  

What is up so far?
------------------
Right now:
* Sample page for player window using blaze.min.css.
* There are two types of JSON files:
** metadata.json:  This is a per folder JSON file that describes the folder and/or movies inside.  It is created by the user.
** sitedata.json:  This file is (will be) the generated JSON files that describes all the movies.   Navigation can be generated by Javascript and placed in the index.html dynamically (I'm hoping).  Right now the sitedata.json file is just a manually generated file from sample movies.  

Structure of Files vs. Data
---------------------------
Videos are sometimes stand alone and sometimes part of a set.  Ideas like movie sequels and TV series should be taken into consideration.  So the question comes up on whether or not the file organization should effect the site.  Even whether or not its required.  To allow things to be simple for those that want simple, I'd say the "metadata" should not be required.  Metadata can override data derived from file structure, but the site should be viewable without it.

Misc ToDo (Thoughts to not forget)
----------------------------------
1. Restructure things so distribution of this all has program files & then point it a directory that has movie files and the site is generated inside that folder.
2. To go along with file structure thought, the "By File" part contains only videos without metadata.  Also each tree section should not be displayed if no data.

Projects To Watch
----------------------------------
Below are projects this project uses.  They should be watched for updates.
* https://github.com/BlazeCSS/blaze
* https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css
* https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome
